this is Slade McClendon with son
Baelfire and today we are thrilled to
share with you about the newest purchase
from the fort walton beach on their II
one 78-foot emags ladder this is a
dynamite setup and I'd like to walk you
through several the neat features and
the newest technology available in the
industry as you know e1 has never had an
aerial failure or tip over ever in the
industry there's many reasons why they
designed their aerials as well as their
calves that this has the roll cage
custom cab inside here it also has a
little bit of an extension on the inside
and we'll see this in a little bit but
it has a medical cabinet right behind
this actual door this truck right here
has a Cummins ISL 450 engine with
Allison 3,000 transmission this is a
loaded truck right here so let me kind
of walk you through some features right
now
one of the neatest things that is not on
here is with this Emacs pumper design
the benefit of it and I'll show you
right now that this is an e-1 pump it
has a 1500 GPM pump and as you can tell
this is a new concept in design and we
have several of these apparatus out in
the field now with this design with the
Emacs pumper it allows the pump housing
to be extremely packaged and short so
it's going to allow for an extremely
tight will base more maneuverable out
there
it also gives options here or there are
speed lay options and their cross legs
so right here you're seeing the speed
lays below that they can be pulled out
firefighters can load their hose easily
and just put it straight in there then
it also has their speed lay up here and
then back board storage so you can see
again how compact it is but you're not
losing any type of performance it's also
giving you more compartment ation so
this particular setup right here and
come in and take a look at this right
here this is the aerial control package
this is new technology it's showing you
the monitor control as well as the
system control and then the controls for
a base operator for the lateral this
also has the acronym foam inductor sits
that up here so you could use the phone
capabilities so the pump operator has
everything he needs right here as we go
through here on the compartment this
particular truck has a smart power 10 kW
that's operating a loader lights there's
quartz lights all throughout the truck
as well as all of their lighting is LED
lighting their light bars are waylynn
light bars and LED lighting throughout
the whole truck this is just showing you
there are compartment ation and options
here
they have many rollout trays that you'll
see equipment that's going loose for how
but they want to set some things up
you're seeing the tool board options or
they can use mount any type of tool
board for what they want inside there's
the SCBA bottle compartment ation
showing you the lower level lighting
with the LED this is actually a
compartment for any of their tools this
is a great setup here
is a roll out tilt down tray right here
and is showing you their actual chainsaw
and their cutter right here great design
great feature for the fire service this
is just showing you adjustable shelving
any type of equipment for what they'd
like to have in here this is our access
up to the ladder again phenomenal access
ease of access as you go to the rear of
the truck they obviously have the NFPA
chevron striping but this will give you
an outline of what it looks like in the
back this is their electric core drill
with 200 foot and they actually have
these actual lights are mounted on the
base these can be deployed out it's
hooked into the actual core box right
there and that inve can put this on the
scene as well just showing you again
where all the other Pike poles attic
ladders are and then all of their actual
ladders off the rear they have an
enormous amount of 5 inch hose you know
large diameter hose and then they're 2
and 1/2 inch hose is stacked in here as
well
alright let's take a look now on the
officer side right now that we're just
transporting this actual foam for them
to go over in the service it obviously
wouldn't be put in there into the future
and this truck is getting ready for
delivery now your SUV a bottle storage
showing you another pullout tray and
look at the size and the depth of these
compartments extremely large right here
so it's able to pull out we've mounted
the lights inside then it also shows you
the front compartment again an enormous
amount of storage here why people love
this particular package is again the
wheelbase is incredibly tight it has a
78 foot ladder it exceeds NFPA standards
for your structural safety on your
ladder has a 500 gallon hose I mean
excuse me a 500 gallon polypropylene
tank and you're getting all of this on a
single axle so this is the package that
people are loving this is what I was
referring to earlier they're showing you
where your backboard storage is here is
your speed lay options
firefighters are loving best design
because it's easy to pull stuff out load
the hose and put it
so here also we're showing you the water
tank level gauge far off from from the
scene that they can get a visual on
there I'm gonna actually show you a few
features right now on the inside of the
cab this is showing you a great
compartment here now as you can tell
there's a lot of stuff we're sending
back to them you know for little parts
here a great compartment ation in
between the actual rear-facing seats
have these great seats holders for the
scbas all of their headsets are wired in
here and then there's showing you the
contextual compartment ation off to the
side so this is a great design agains
it's just giving them more room on the
inside then just showing you the actual
features right here so they have a stand
for their laptop computer all the ports
should they need to plug into anything
and then just showing you another neat
feature of how they put their lights on
the inside showing you either actual
fire time headsets
they have a rear view camera actually
showing it for the driver for backup now
I'd like to actually show you as well
the front bumper this is a great setup
and design this is is a front bumper
compartment has for wear their host
storage would be then they actually have
to wear it'll be tying in to this actual
valve this is a neat design too they
have mounted a blitz fire that is
mounted onto the front bumper so it's
easy to ployment for when they arrive at
the scene just showing you their brow
lights up on the ladder as well and when
I was referring to you earlier about the
actual tip it's actually showing you the
new controls available onto the ladder
as well we would like to thank again the
Fort Walton Beach Fire Department for
allowing us to build you a
state-of-the-art 78 foot Emax ladder
thank y'all so much again if you'd like
more information about this particular
ladder or any other apparatus please
feel free to visit us on facebook and
twitter at son Baelfire also check our
website out at son Baelfire comm and we
would love to be able to help and serve
you if you have any questions on your
apparatus needs thank you again for what
you do and stay safe